[1.16] Add docs for subscription retry mechanism (#4826)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/pubsub/pubsub-overview.md

All Dapr pub/sub components support the at-least-once guarantee.

### Subscription startup reliability

Dapr automatically retries failed subscription startups to improve reliability during deployment scenarios. This ensures your pub/sub applications remain resilient even when facing temporary connectivity or permission issues.

> When Dapr encounters errors starting subscriptions, it will show an error message in the logs and continue to try to start the subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Dapr encounters errors starting subscriptions, it shows an error message in the logs and continues to try to start the subscription.
```
